Important_python_keywords.md, before:

Strings operations
1. len() "hi" -> 2
2. title() "hi" -> "Hi"
3. lower()
4. upper()
5. count(str, start, end) returns the number of times substring str occur in between start and end 
6. find(str, start, end) returns the index number of that substring in that string and Returns the lowest index of the substring sub in the string str. If sub is not found, it returns -1.
7. index(str, start, end) do the same as find just Returns the lowest index of the substring sub in the string str. If sub is not found, it raises a ValueError
8. endswith() tells us is it ending with that substring or not
9. startwith() tells us is that string started with that substring or not
10. isalnum() tells us that either string contains alphabets or numbers, not symbols like !@# etc
11. isspace() returns true is string is non-empty and all the elemnts are white spaces (string = "\n \t \r" or "       ") either false
12. islower() return true if all elements are lower
13. isupper() return true if all elements are upper 
14. istitle() returns true if first letter is Capital
15. isstrip() returns the space from the left side

Commit message:

I added string operations from lsstrip to split and written then heading in list

Important_python_keywords.md, after:

Strings operations
1. len() "hi" -> 2
2. title() "hi" -> "Hi"
3. lower()
4. upper()
5. count(str, start, end) returns the number of times substring str occur in between start and end 
6. find(str, start, end) returns the index number of that substring in that string and Returns the lowest index of the substring sub in the string str. If sub is not found, it returns -1.
7. index(str, start, end) do the same as find just Returns the lowest index of the substring sub in the string str. If sub is not found, it raises a ValueError
8. endswith() tells us is it ending with that substring or not
9. startwith() tells us is that string started with that substring or not
10. isalnum() tells us that either string contains alphabets or numbers, not symbols like !@# etc
11. isspace() returns true is string is non-empty and all the elemnts are white spaces (string = "\n \t \r" or "       ") either false
12. islower() return true if all elements are lower
13. isupper() return true if all elements are upper 
14. istitle() returns true if first letter is Capital
15. lsstrip() removes the space from the left side
16. rstrio() removes the space from right side
17. strip() reomves the space from both side
18. replace(oldstr, newstr) replace the old substring to new substring
19. join() returns the string in which elements are combined by hyphens '-'
20. partition(str) divide the on the basis of this substring
21. split() split every word in list form
String operations are done here
List in python
